# C-Sharp.NETSamples
### IT 230 - Software Development with C#.NET | September 2021
Software Development with C#.NET projects: add multiply four integers, console convert, console student registry, create classes and objects, debug scenario, and defining and instantiating classes

### AddMultiplyFourInts
For this program, I created a variable for each integer and variables for the calculated sum and product of those integers. I instantiated each of the four variables with the int data type using values listed in the instructions. To calculate the sum, I created a variable with the value of each integer added together. To calculate the product, I created a variable with the value of each integer multiplied together. When outputting these results, I used Console.WriteLine() to write a brief message stating the values for each int and each total.

### CreateClassesObjs
This assignment was a new experience for me, so I took a lot of extra time reading resources and reviewing code before getting started. I had never made a class in another file before, so after a lot of reading, I learned to do that by going to ‘Project’ ‘Add Class’ and naming it Course, since that is what the main code references it as. I started by adding “private string course;” as the instructions required and for use in the constructor and methods I would be adding. I added a default constructor and after reviewing the main code more, noticed that was the only type of constructor being called on, so I left that as is. I then added a method to set the name field to a given string value with the method name “setName” since that was what was being used in the main code. Since this method returned a string with a string input, I defined it with “public string” and assigned “string name” to the parameters. To set this name in the method, I defined “course = name” and returned that value. Using the code provided in the instructions, I pasted the “ToString” method in my class. To return the name field with this method, I simply added “return course;” I noticed all the errors had been resolved through this process, so I tested the program and it ran just as it should when compared to the video in the rubric.
